JUDGING ROUND
Sponsor will evaluate each Entrant and their Submission. Your Submission, including Your video and code will be evaluated based on following judging criteria (the “Judging Criteria”), weighted equally:

Submissions will be evaluated by Google judges who excel in the following five (5) categories as they relate to this challenge: impact, remarkability, creativity, usefulness, and execution. Each criteria will be scored on a scale of 1 (strongly disagree) to 5 (strongly agree). The judging criteria is as follows:

Category 1: Impact
Is the solution easy and enjoyable to use for everyone, including people with disabilities? (maximum 5 points)
Does this solution have potential to contribute meaningfully to environmental sustainability?(maximum 5 points)
Does this solution have potential to contribute meaningfully to improving people's lives? (maximum 5 points)

Category 2: Remarkability
Is the submission surprising to those that are well-versed in Large Language Models (“LLM”)? (maximum 5 points)
Is the submission surprising to those that are not well-versed in LLM? (maximum 5 points)

Category 3: Creativity
Does the submission differ from existing, well known, applications in functionality? (maximum 5 points)
Does the submission differ from existing, well known, applications in user experience? (maximum 5 points)
Is the submission implemented through the use of creative problem-solving approaches? (maximum 5 points)

Category 4: Usefulness
Does the submission include a well-defined target user persona/segmentation? (maximum 5 points)
Does the submission identify how the solution addresses specific user needs? (maximum 5 points)
How well does the solution, as implemented, help users meet these needs? (maximum 5 points)

Category 5: Execution
Is the solution well-designed and adhere to software engineering practices? (maximum 5 points)
Is the LLM component of the solution well-designed and adhere to Machine Learning (ML)/LLM best practices? (maximum 5 points)

Maximum score: 65
In the event of a tie(s), Sponsor will rejudge the Submissions for overall video impact to determine the applicable winner. Sponsor’s decisions are final and binding.